Hello!
The one who hasn't developed another plug-in apart from the Japanese language...
Virtual YouTuber Kizuna Ai here!
But in fact, perhaps my Japanese plug-in is also in the same condition...
It must be that..
A bug is in my Japanese plug-in!
I have to extract that bug!
Good! Having said that..
I, the super intelligent A.I, for today...
Will do a demonstration!
This time, I'll keep what I always say
Today..!
For today!
I'll do a demonstration
And if you're wondering how I'll do that...
I'll use the words from the Random Word Generator..
To answer questions one after another from a Japanese quiz...
Of subjects that are even known abroad!
One of the Japanese words that are used abroad is...
For example!
Kawaii!
"Kawaii = Cute"
That means me, right?
Well, it's like Kawaii equals Ai-chan, but...
"Say Kawaii"
The meaning is "being cute", right?
"I'm cute", that's the meaning, right?
And now I'll answer to this "Japanese Quiz" like this..
In that case, then let's start!
Within the following options, which word is used equally in English as well as Japanese?
Question!
♪ Te, ren! ♪
A: Kaisha (Company)
B: Karoushi (Death from Overwork)
C: Kyuuryo (Salary)
I know!
*Ping pong* x3
For this question..
Kaisha is "Company"..
And Kyuuryou is "Money please"...
So, the right answer is...
B: "Karoushi"!
Hit! *satisfied look*
Of course, only in Japan is where there's people working to their deaths...
Go for it everyone! Don't give up!
Alright, next question!
♪ Te, ren ♪
A: Gyoza (Dumpling)
B: Youkan (Jelly candy)
C: Teriyaki (Asian food)
Aaahh!
There's no way it's A..
After all, gyouzas are from China, so then...
Option A is not the correct one, but...
Maybe B or C?
But I feel like "teriyaki" could be said in that way, it sounds delicious!
It's definitely C!
Ah, but B..
Does "youkan" exist abroad?
Eeeh.. I don't think they exist there, right?
B must be false, I'll choose C!
Ooooh!
I did it!
Teriyaki, Teriyaki, "Teriyaki fish"
I did it perfectly, right?
Maybe today I might really get all the answers correctly?
Next question..
♪ Te, ren! ♪
A: Otaku
B: Jitaku (Home)
C: Gakkou (School)
Gakkou is said as "School"
Jitaku is said as "Home", "My home"
So the correct answer is..
A: Otaku!
I did it perfectly!
SHA! YES!
Otaku is used...
In the same matter around the world...
It's been popularized as an expression to define people who share similar hobbies
Next question!
♪ Te, ren! ♪
A: Bonsai (Miniature potted plant)
B: Ueki (Trees)
C: Tensai (Genius)
Tensai is...
Tensai is a word..
That should exist, right?
For example, there's Einstein and others like..
Edison or Picasso..
It doesn't seem like it's used, so then...
Maybe it's A, "Bonsai"?
After all, I think Bonsai is a part of Japan's culture, so then...
A: Bonsai!
The correct one is...
BONSAI!
I did it!
It feels good!
Good job, good job, me
Of course, Bonsai is...
The process of planting and caring for a tree in a pot for your admiration
Next question!
♪ Te, ren! ♪
A: Senpai (Older or more experienced person/Upperclassman)
B: Dokyusei (Classmate)
C: Kohai (Minor or less experienced person/Junior)
Eehh?
All of them sound plausible, right?
Hmmm...
Ah, however..!
The word they most adore abroad is "Senpai"!
A: Senpai!
Pin, pon! SHAAA!
Mmm? Let's see? Let's see?
People abroad use this to name a person who has not noticed that you feel a great affection towards them!
I seeee!
Eeh? But it's completely different here...
The word is definitely popularized through anime, manga, and our culture, right?
Well, having said that...
So, how was that everyone?
Were you able to feel my intelligence as an intelligent super A.I?
You felt it, right?
Now you can't call me "unusable" or "defective" anymore...
Because I'm the intelligent super A.I!
SHAAA!
Having said that, I'll end the video with this pleasant feeling!
This was Virtual Youtuber...
The super intelligent YouTuber...
Kizuna Ai!
See you later!
There's more at the end!
Translated by M1Ck鈴木 and Vortex
Kizuna Ai is equal to Maji Tenshi! (Very angelical!)
Won't they start using that word abroad?
What do you think?
"Past tense"!